feat(content): Korath Expansion Stage II - World-Ships (#7088)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/korath/korath outfits.txt

		"frame rate" 6
	"steering flare sound" "plasma huge"
	description "After millennia of war, the Korath have developed some truly enormous warships. These steering systems give even their largest warships a reasonable amount of agility in combat."

outfit "Arkrof GP Hybrid Thruster"

> 	plural "Arkrof GP Hybrid Thrusters"

Author: ```suggestion
```

	category "Engines"
	"cost" 165000
	thumbnail "outfit/tiny efreti thruster"
	"mass" 17
	"outfit space" -17
	"engine capacity" -17
	"thrust" 13
	"thrusting energy" 2.1
	"thrusting heat" 2.4
	"flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/tiny"
		"frame rate" 8
	"flare sound" "ion tiny"

> 	description "Forced to abandon their beloved jump drive technology, Efreti engineers have begun to grudgingly take inspiration from their not-entirely-welcome Quarg guardians. The incorporation of gravitational propulsion increases the thrust output for engines in this line, at the cost of even higher energy costs. These are the smallest such gravitoplasma-based thrusters."

Reviewer: I tried to avoid repeating the word 'cost'. I'm not dead-set on the addition of 'available' though.

> 	description "Forced to abandon their beloved jump drive technology, Efreti engineers have begun to grudgingly take inspiration from their not-entirely-welcome Quarg guardians. The incorporation of gravitational propulsion increases the thrust output for engines in this line, at the cost of even higher energy costs. These are the smallest such gravitoplasma-based thrusters."

Reviewer 2: Usage would be better than use, but cost is fine as well.

> 	description "Forced to abandon their beloved jump drive technology, Efreti engineers have begun to grudgingly take inspiration from their not-entirely-welcome Quarg guardians. The incorporation of gravitational propulsion increases the thrust output for engines in this line, at the cost of even higher energy costs. These are the smallest such gravitoplasma-based thrusters."

Reviewer 3: @roadrunner56 Maybe just remove the " available" from the suggestion? Swapping from "costs" to "use" sounds good to my ear; but adding on the available sounds either superfluous or like it is hinting that they have smaller thrusters, they're just not available.

> 	description "Forced to abandon their beloved jump drive technology, Efreti engineers have begun to grudgingly take inspiration from their not-entirely-welcome Quarg guardians. The incorporation of gravitational propulsion increases the thrust output for engines in this line, at the cost of even higher energy costs. These are the smallest such gravitoplasma-based thrusters."

Reviewer: I updated the suggestion, does it look better now?

> 	description "Forced to abandon their beloved Jump-Drive technology, Efreti engineers have begun to grudgingly take inspiration from their not-entirely-welcome Quarg guardians. The incorporation of gravitational propulsion increases the thrust output for engines in this line, at the cost of even higher energy costs. These are the smallest such gravitoplasma-based steering-thrusters."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Forced to abandon their beloved jump drive technology, Efreti engineers have begun to grudgingly take inspiration from their not-entirely-welcome Quarg guardians. The incorporation of gravitational propulsion increases the thrust output for engines in this line, at the cost of even higher energy costs. These are the smallest such gravitoplasma-based thrusters."
```

outfit "Farves GP Hybrid Thruster"

> 	plural "Farves GP Hybrid Thrusters"

Reviewer 4: Do we really need this? iirc the game already add `s` at the end of the name for plural. It's really used only in special cases like `es` or something else.

Author: ```suggestion
```

	category "Engines"
	"cost" 405000
	thumbnail "outfit/small efreti thruster"
	"mass" 33
	"outfit space" -33
	"engine capacity" -33
	"thrust" 31
	"thrusting energy" 4.8
	"thrusting heat" 5.6
	"flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/small"
		"frame rate" 7.5
	"flare sound" "ion small"

> 	description "Exposure to the Quarg's graviton-thrusters, coupled with the forced retreat from research into interstellar jump drive technology, has left the Efreti engineers with little else to tinker with than subluminal propulsion. In this vein, Efreti engineers have turned to integrating previously theoretical unifications of quantum gravity with the other physical forces into these engines."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Exposure to the Quarg's graviton-thrusters, coupled with the forced retreat from research into interstellar jump drive technology, has left the Efreti engineers with little else to tinker with than subluminal propulsion. In this vein, Efreti engineers have turned to integrating previously theoretical unifications of quantum gravity with the other physical forces in these engines."
```

> 	description "Exposure to the Quarg's graviton-thrusters, coupled with the forced retreat from research into interstellar Jump-Drive technology, has left the Efreti engineers with little else to tinker with than subluminal-propulsion. In this vein, Efreti-engineers have turned to integrating previously theoretical unifications of quantum gravity with the other physical forces into these engines."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Exposure to the Quarg's graviton-thrusters, coupled with the forced retreat from research into interstellar jump drive technology, has left the Efreti engineers with little else to tinker with than subluminal propulsion. In this vein, Efreti engineers have turned to integrating previously theoretical unifications of quantum gravity with the other physical forces into these engines."
```

> 	description "	These resulting thrusters are one important example of this effort. Synthesizing quantum-gravitational propulsion with more traditional plasma thrusters moderates the heat output from these engines, while at the same time increasing its energy consumption. The resulting thrusters produce less heat but consume substantially more energy."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "	These resulting thrusters are one important example of this effort. Synthesizing quantum-gravitational propulsion with more traditional plasma thrusters moderates the heat output from these engines, while at the same time increasing its energy consumption. The result produces less heat but consumes substantially more energy."
```

> 	description "	These resulting thrusters are one important example of this effort. Synthesizing quantum-gravitational propulsion with more traditional plasma thrusters moderates the heat output from these engines, while at the same time increasing its energy consumption. The resulting thrusters produce less heat but require substantial energy generation to function."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	These resulting thrusters are one important example of this effort. Synthesizing quantum-gravitational propulsion with more traditional plasma thrusters moderates the heat output from these engines, while at the same time increasing its energy consumption. The resulting thrusters produce less heat but consume substantially more energy."
```

> 	description "	These resulting thrusters are one important example of this effort. Synthesizing quantum-gravitational propulsion with more traditional plasma thrusters moderates the heat output from these engines, while at the same time increases its energy consumption. The resulting thrusters produce less heat but require substantial energy generation to function."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "	These resulting thrusters are one important example of this effort. Synthesizing quantum-gravitational propulsion with more traditional plasma thrusters moderates the heat output from these engines, while at the same time increasing its energy consumption. The resulting thrusters produce less heat but require substantial energy generation to function."
```

outfit "Gaktem GP Hybrid Thruster"

> 	plural "Gaktem GP Hybrid Thrusters"

Author: ```suggestion
```

	category "Engines"
	"cost" 883000
	thumbnail "outfit/medium efreti thruster"
	"mass" 57
	"outfit space" -57
	"engine capacity" -57
	"thrust" 62
	"thrusting energy" 8.9
	"thrusting heat" 10.8
	"flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/medium"
		"frame rate" 7
	"flare sound" "ion medium"

> 	description "Korath physicists appear to have gone considerably further than the mathematically self-consistent, but stubbornly unfalsifiable, conjectures of String Theory. While their understanding of spacetime is well behind that of the Quarg, their grudging divorce from Jump-Drive technology has pushed Efreti scientists and engineers to begin to instantiate their unified understandings of quantum gravity and the nuclear forces within their newer hybrid gravitoplasma-thrusters."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Korath physicists appear to have gone considerably further than the mathematically self-consistent, but stubbornly unfalsifiable, conjectures of String Theory. While their understanding of spacetime is well behind that of the Quarg, their grudging divorce from jump drive technology has pushed Efreti scientists and engineers to begin to instantiate their unified understandings of quantum gravity and the nuclear forces within their newer hybrid gravitoplasma thrusters."
```

> 	description "	Despite the Efreti’s limited resources, these new hybrid gravitoplasma thrusters allow their engines to maintain the traditional Korath emphasis on speed in a small package while keeping heat output down."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "	Despite the Efreti’s limited resources, these thrusters allow their engines to maintain the traditional Korath emphasis on speed in a small package while keeping heat output down."
```

outfit "Nelmeb GP Hybrid Thruster"

> 	plural "Nelmeb GP Hybrid Thrusters"

Author: ```suggestion
```

	category "Engines"
	"cost" 1649000
	thumbnail "outfit/large efreti thruster"
	"mass" 86
	"outfit space" -86
	"engine capacity" -86
	"thrust" 105
	"thrusting energy" 14
	"thrusting heat" 18
	"flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/large"
		"frame rate" 6.5
	"flare sound" "ion large"

> 	description "Korath physicists have, for several centuries, understood powerful aspects of the unity that underlies both quantum gravity and forces that bind quarks and gluons together. Recently, prompted by the example of the Quarg's graviton thrusters, Efreti engineers have begun to utilize their theoretical knowledge of this unity to incorporate gravitational propulsion into their more traditional fusion-based plasma engines. However, as Efreti efforts are comparatively recent, this technological synthesis lags behind comparable Quarg technology."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Korath physicists have, for several centuries, understood powerful aspects of the unity that underlies both quantum gravity and the forces that bind quarks and gluons together. Recently, prompted by the example of the Quarg's graviton thrusters, Efreti engineers have begun to utilize their theoretical knowledge of this unity to incorporate gravitational propulsion into their more traditional fusion-based plasma engines. However, as Efreti efforts are comparatively recent, this technological synthesis lags behind comparable Quarg technology."
```

> 	description "	These are the largest such gravitoplasma thrusters that the Efreti have to offer, and as such are usually only found on their gargantuan civilian ships. Despite their size and thrusting power, the Quarg are rather unimpressed with the inefficient design of such engines."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	These are the largest such gravitoplasma thrusters that the Efreti have to offer, and as such are usually only found on their gargantuan civilian ships. Despite their size and thrusting power, the Quarg are still rather unimpressed with the inefficient nature of the design."
```

> 	description "	These are the largest such gravitoplasma-thrusters that the Efreti have to offer, and as such are usually only found on their gargantuan civilian ships. Despite their size and thrusting power, the Quarg are rather unimpressed with the inefficient design of such engines."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "	These are the largest such gravitoplasma thrusters that the Efreti have to offer, and as such are usually only found on their gargantuan civilian ships. Despite their size and thrusting power, the Quarg are rather unimpressed with the inefficient design of such engines."
```

outfit "Arkrof GP Hybrid Steering"

> 	plural "Arkrof GP Hybrid Steerings"

Author: ```suggestion
```

	category "Engines"
	"cost" 131000
	thumbnail "outfit/tiny efreti steering"
	"mass" 12
	"outfit space" -12
	"engine capacity" -12
	"turn" 323
	"turning energy" 1.2
	"turning heat" 1.225
	"steering flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/tiny"
		"frame rate" 8
	"steering flare sound" "ion tiny"

> 	description "Unlike most Korath engines, Efreti engines do not rely solely on plasma. Gravitoplasma engines combine traditional Korath plasma thrust with Quarg-inspired forays into gravitation-based propulsion. The smallest steering manages to develop a great deal of torque at the expense of higher energy costs."

Reviewer: Can you explain why you don't like this suggestion?

> 	description "Unlike most Korath engines, Efreti engines do not rely solely on plasma. Gravitoplasma engines combine traditional Korath plasma thrust with Quarg-inspired forays into gravitation-based propulsion. The smallest steering manages to develop a great deal of torque at the expense of higher energy costs."

Reviewer 2: We're already explicitly speaking within the context of the Efreti engines, it feels very clunky to me to further specify it in either of these descriptions.

> 	description "Unlike most Korath engines, Efreti engines do not rely solely on plasma. Gravitoplasma engines combine traditional Korath plasma thrust with Quarg-inspired forays into gravitation-based propulsion. The smallest steering manages to develop a great deal of torque at the expense of higher energy costs."

Author: descriptions are already overly wordy and specific, don't want to lengthen them

> 	description "Unlike most Korath engines, Efreti engines do not rely solely on plasma. Gravitoplasma engines combine traditional Korath plasma thrust with Quarg-inspired forays into gravitation-based propulsion. The smallest steering manages to develop a great deal of torque at the expense of higher energy costs."

Reviewer 3: I agree with Ravenshining here: These are already specified as being Efreti engines, I don't think we need to re-iterate that they are Efreti a second time.

> 	description "Unlike most Korath engines, Efreti engines do not rely solely on plasma. Gravitoplasma engines combine traditional Korath plasma thrust with Quarg-inspired forays into gravitation-based propulsion. The smallest steering manages to develop a great deal of torque at the expense of higher energy costs."

Reviewer: Yeah that's fair. Feel free to resolve

outfit "Farves GP Hybrid Steering"

> 	plural "Farves GP Hybrid Steerings"

Author: ```suggestion
```

	category "Engines"
	"cost" 413000
	thumbnail "outfit/small efreti steering"
	"mass" 24
	"outfit space" -24
	"engine capacity" -24
	"turn" 737
	"turning energy" 2.5
	"turning heat" 2.75
	"steering flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/small"
		"frame rate" 7.5
	"steering flare sound" "ion small"

> 	description "Exposure to the Quarg's graviton-thrusters, coupled with the forced retreat from research into interstellar Jump-Drive technology, has left the Efreti engineers with little else to tinker with than subluminal-propulsion. Their ongoing efforts represent their evolving understanding of fundamental physics and how it can be put into practice."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Exposure to the Quarg's graviton-thrusters, coupled with the forced retreat from research into interstellar jump drive technology, has left the Efreti engineers with little else to tinker with than subluminal propulsion. Their ongoing efforts represent their evolving understanding of fundamental physics and how it can be put into practice."
```

> 	description "	These resulting steering thrusters are one important product of this effort. This compact steering system is a classic example of Korath technology: small, powerful, and woefully inefficient. It appears that the Quarg influence on the Efreti has not changed the basic design philosophy of the Korath living here."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	An important product of this effort is this compact steering system. A classic example of Korath technology, it is small, powerful, and woefully inefficient. It appears that the Quarg influence on the Efreti has not changed the underlying design philosophy of the Korath living here."
```

outfit "Gaktem GP Hybrid Steering"

> 	plural "Gaktem GP Hybrid Steerings"

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 	description "	These resulting steering-thrusters are one important example of this effort. This compact steering system is a classic example of Korath technology: small, powerful, and woefully inefficient. It appears that the Quarg influence on the Efreti has not changed the basic design philosophy of the Korath living here."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "	These resulting steering thrusters are one important example of this effort. This compact steering system is a classic example of Korath technology: small, powerful, and woefully inefficient. It appears that the Quarg influence on the Efreti has not changed the basic design philosophy of the Korath living here."
```

	category "Engines"
	"cost" 833000
	thumbnail "outfit/medium efreti steering"
	"mass" 42
	"outfit space" -42
	"engine capacity" -42
	"turn" 1400
	"turning energy" 4.325
	"turning heat" 5.15
	"steering flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/medium"
		"frame rate" 7
	"steering flare sound" "ion medium"

> 	description "While Korath insight into the ultimate origins of spacetime are not yet complete, the Efreti's grudging divorce from jump drive technology has their scientists and engineers to begin to instantiate the newest, unified understandings of quantum gravity with the nuclear forces in these hybrid gravitoplasma thrusters."

Reviewer 2: "Pushed" is the original missing word.

Looks like I clipped it by mistake when suggesting other changes. :3

> 	description "While Korath insight into the ultimate origins of spacetime are not yet complete, the Efreti's grudging divorce from jump drive technology has their scientists and engineers to begin to instantiate the newest, unified understandings of quantum gravity with the nuclear forces in these hybrid gravitoplasma thrusters."

Reviewer 5: Ah, gotcha. Updated the above to `pushed`

> 	description "While Korath understanding of the ultimate origins of spacetime are still incomplete, their grudging divorce from jump drive technology has pushed Efreti scientists and engineers to begin to instantiate their unified understandings of quantum gravity and the nuclear forces within their newer hybrid gravitoplasma thrusters."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "While Korath insight into the ultimate origins of spacetime are not yet complete, the Efreti's grudging divorce from jump drive technology has their scientists and engineers to begin to instantiate the newest, unified understandings of quantum gravity with the nuclear forces in these hybrid gravitoplasma thrusters."
```

> 	description "While Korath understanding of the ultimate origins of spacetime are still incomplete, their grudging divorce from jump drive technology has pushed Efreti scientists and engineers have begun to instantiate their unified understandings of quantum gravity and the nuclear forces within their newer hybrid gravitoplasma thrusters."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "While Korath understanding of the ultimate origins of spacetime are still incomplete, their grudging divorce from jump drive technology has pushed Efreti scientists and engineers to begin to instantiate their unified understandings of quantum gravity and the nuclear forces within their newer hybrid gravitoplasma thrusters."
```

> 	description "While Korath understanding of the ultimate origins of spacetime are still incomplete, their grudging divorce from Jump-Drive technology has pushed Efreti scientists and engineers have begun to instantiate their unified understandings of quantum gravity and the nuclear forces within their newer hybrid gravitoplasma-thrusters."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "While Korath understanding of the ultimate origins of spacetime are still incomplete, their grudging divorce from jump drive technology has pushed Efreti scientists and engineers have begun to instantiate their unified understandings of quantum gravity and the nuclear forces within their newer hybrid gravitoplasma thrusters."
```

	description "	Unless accompanied by some Korath power systems, this Efreti steering system's energy consumption will often be more than a ship can handle. Their main advantage when compared to other Korath engines of the same size is reduced heat production."

outfit "Nelmeb GP Hybrid Steering"

> 	plural "Nelmeb GP Hybrid Steerings"

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 	description "	Unless accompanied by some Korath power systems, this Efreti steering system's energy consumption will often be more than the ship can handle. Their main advantage when compared to other Korath engines of the same size is their reduced heat production."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	Unless accompanied by some Korath power systems, this Efreti steering system's energy consumption will often be more than a ship can handle. Their main advantage when compared to other Korath engines of the same size is reduced heat production."
```

> 	description "	These Efreti steering thrusters can fit into just about any ship. Yet, unless accompanied by some Korath power systems as well, their energy consumption will often be more than the ship can handle. Their main advantage when compared to other Korath engines of the same size is their reduced heat production."

Reviewer: Having a mass of 42 doesn't suggest to me that these steering thrusters can `fit into just about any ship.` That's fairly large and outside of the range for many ships. Perhaps it would be better to put this in the Arkrof steering description instead?

Author: These descriptions are quite lengthy, I'll just cut that bit.

> 	description "	These Efreti steering thrusters can fit into just about any ship. Yet, unless accompanied by some Korath power systems as well, their energy consumption will often be more than the ship can handle. Their main advantage when compared to other Korath engines of the same size is their reduced heat production."

Author: ```suggestion
	description "	Unless accompanied by some Korath power systems, these Efreti steering's energy consumption will often be more than the ship can handle. Their main advantage when compared to other Korath engines of the same size is their reduced heat production."
```

	category "Engines"
	"cost" 1439000
	thumbnail "outfit/large efreti steering"
	"mass" 67
	"outfit space" -67
	"engine capacity" -67
	"turn" 2500
	"turning energy" 7
	"turning heat" 9
	"steering flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/large"
		"frame rate" 6.5
	"steering flare sound" "ion large"

> 	description "Korath physicists have, for several centuries, understood concrete aspects of the unity that underlies both quantum gravity and forces that bind quarks and gluons together. Recently, prompted by the grim will to trudge onwards and innovate despite being forced to abandon jump drive technology, Efreti engineers have begun to utilize their theoretical knowledge of this unity to incorporate gravitational propulsion into their more traditional fusion-based plasma engines. However, as Efreti efforts in this field are comparatively recent, this technological synthesis lags behind Quarg technology."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Korath physicists have, for several centuries, understood concrete aspects of the unity that underlies both quantum gravity and the forces that bind quarks and gluons together. Prompted by the grim will to trudge onwards and innovate despite being forced to abandon jump drive technology, Efreti engineers have recently begun to utilize their theoretical knowledge of this unity to incorporate gravitational propulsion into their more traditional fusion-based plasma engines. However, as Efreti efforts in this field are comparatively recent, this technological synthesis lags behind Quarg technology."
```

> 	description "Korath physicists have, for several centuries, understood concrete aspects of the unity that underlies both quantum gravity and forces that bind quarks and gluons together. Recently, prompted by the grim will to trudge onwards and innovate despite being forced to abandon jump drive technology, Efreti engineers have begun to utilize their theoretical knowledge of this unity to incorporate gravitational propulsion into their more traditional fusion-based plasma engines. However, as Efreti efforts are comparatively recent, this technological synthesis lags behind comparable Quarg technology."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Korath physicists have, for several centuries, understood concrete aspects of the unity that underlies both quantum gravity and forces that bind quarks and gluons together. Recently, prompted by the grim will to trudge onwards and innovate despite being forced to abandon jump drive technology, Efreti engineers have begun to utilize their theoretical knowledge of this unity to incorporate gravitational propulsion into their more traditional fusion-based plasma engines. However, as Efreti efforts in this field are comparatively recent, this technological synthesis lags behind Quarg technology."
```

> 	description "Korath physicists have, for several centuries, understood concrete aspects of the unity that underlies both quantum gravity and forces that bind quarks and gluons together. Recently, prompted by the grim will to trudge onwards and innovate despite being forced to abandon Jump-Drive technology, Efreti engineers have begun to utilize their theoretical knowledge of this unity to incorporate gravitational propulsion into their more traditional fusion-based plasma engines. However, as Efreti efforts are comparatively recent, this technological synthesis lags behind comparable Quarg technology."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Korath physicists have, for several centuries, understood concrete aspects of the unity that underlies both quantum gravity and forces that bind quarks and gluons together. Recently, prompted by the grim will to trudge onwards and innovate despite being forced to abandon jump drive technology, Efreti engineers have begun to utilize their theoretical knowledge of this unity to incorporate gravitational propulsion into their more traditional fusion-based plasma engines. However, as Efreti efforts are comparatively recent, this technological synthesis lags behind comparable Quarg technology."
```

> 	description "	More stable-looking than one would expect from Korath engines this large, these steering thrusters were developed by the Efreti as a means of guiding their most massive ships. Their high energy usage is tempered by the fact that they are usually powered by the most massive Korath fusion reactors."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	More stable than one would expect from Korath engines this large, these steering thrusters were developed by the Efreti as a means of guiding their most massive ships. Their high energy usage is tempered by the fact that they are usually powered by the most massive Korath fusion reactors."
```

> 	description "	More stable-looking than one would expect from Korath engines this large, these steering-thrusters were developed by the Efreti as a means of guiding their most massive ships. Their high energy usage is tempered by the fact that they are usually powered by the most powerful Korath fusion-reactors."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "	More stable-looking than one would expect from Korath engines this large, these steering thrusters were developed by the Efreti as a means of guiding their most massive ships. Their high energy usage is tempered by the fact that they are usually powered by the most massive Korath fusion reactors."
```

outfit "Farves GP Hybrid Thruster"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 405000
	thumbnail "outfit/small efreti thruster"
	"mass" 33
	"outfit space" -33
	"engine capacity" -33
	"thrust" 33.5
	"thrusting energy" 5.2
	"thrusting heat" 6.1
	"flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/small"
		"frame rate" 7.5
	"flare sound" "ion small"
	description "The forced retreat from research into interstellar jump drive technology has left the Efreti engineers with little else to tinker with than subluminal propulsion. These resulting thrusters are one important example of this effort. Synthesizing gravitational propulsion with more traditional plasma thrusters moderates the heat output from these engines."

outfit "Gaktem GP Hybrid Thruster"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 883000
	thumbnail "outfit/medium efreti thruster"
	"mass" 57
	"outfit space" -57
	"engine capacity" -57
	"thrust" 62
	"thrusting energy" 8.9

> 	"thrusting heat" 10.8

Reviewer 6: 91? Did you miss a decimal point there? Seems a little too energy intensive otherwise.

> 	"thrusting heat" 10.8

Reviewer 7: Perhaps.

outfit "Nelmeb GP Hybrid Thruster"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 1649000
	thumbnail "outfit/large efreti thruster"
	"mass" 86
	"outfit space" -86
	"engine capacity" -86
	"thrust" 105
	"thrusting energy" 14
	"thrusting heat" 18
	"flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/large"
		"frame rate" 6.5
	"flare sound" "ion large"
	description "Korath physicists have, for several centuries, understood concrete aspects of the unity that underlies both quantum gravity and the forces that bind quarks and gluons together. However, as Efreti efforts are comparatively recent, this technological synthesis lags behind comparable Quarg technology."
	description "	These are the largest gravitoplasma thrusters that the Efreti have to offer, and as such are usually only found on their gargantuan civilian ships. Despite their size and thrusting power, the Quarg are still rather unimpressed with the inefficient nature of the design."

outfit "Arkrof GP Hybrid Steering"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 131000
	thumbnail "outfit/tiny efreti steering"
	"mass" 12
	"outfit space" -12
	"engine capacity" -12

> 	"turn" 340
> 	"turning energy" 1.25
> 	"turning heat" 1.3

Reviewer 7: Slight bump. (Small enough to leave the energy and heat unchanged.)
```suggestion
	"turn" 345
	"turning energy" 1.25
	"turning heat" 1.3
```

> 	"turning energy" 1.26
> 	"turning heat" 1.29

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	"turning energy" 1.25
	"turning heat" 1.3
```

	"steering flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/tiny"
		"frame rate" 8
	"steering flare sound" "ion tiny"
	description "Unlike most Korath engines, Efreti engines do not rely solely on plasma. Gravitoplasma engines combine traditional Korath plasma thrust with Quarg-inspired forays into gravitation-based propulsion. The smallest steering manages to develop a great deal of torque at the expense of higher energy costs."

outfit "Farves GP Hybrid Steering"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 413000
	thumbnail "outfit/small efreti steering"
	"mass" 24
	"outfit space" -24
	"engine capacity" -24

> 	"turn" 780
> 	"turning energy" 2.65
> 	"turning heat" 2.9

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
	"turn" 800
	"turning energy" 2.7
	"turning heat" 2.95
```

> 	"turning heat" 2.91

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	"turning heat" 2.9
```

	"steering flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/small"
		"frame rate" 7.5
	"steering flare sound" "ion small"

> 	description "An important product of Efreti engineers’ ongoing effort to evolve their understanding of fundamental physics and how it can be put into practice is this compact steering system. A classic example of Korath technology, it is small, powerful, and woefully inefficient. It appears that the Quarg influence on the Efreti has not changed the underlying design philosophy of the Korath living here."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "This engine is an important product of Efreti engineers’ ongoing effort to evolve their understanding of fundamental physics and how it can be put into practice is this compact steering system. A classic example of Korath technology, it is small, powerful, and woefully inefficient. It appears that the Quarg influence on the Efreti has not changed the underlying design philosophy of the Korath living here."
```

Author: Actually, that's redundant, note how the sentence ends.  But thank you for looking it over again!

Reviewer: Ahh, this is why I shouldn't review while tired.

outfit "Gaktem GP Hybrid Steering"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 833000
	thumbnail "outfit/medium efreti steering"
	"mass" 42
	"outfit space" -42
	"engine capacity" -42
	"turn" 1575

> 	"turning energy" 4.86

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	"turning energy" 4.85
```

> 	"turn" 1575
> 	"turning energy" 4.85
> 	"turning heat" 5.8

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
	"turn" 1590
	"turning energy" 4.9
	"turning heat" 5.85
```

		"frame rate" 6
	"steering flare sound" "plasma huge"
	description "After millennia of war, the Korath have developed some truly enormous warships. These steering systems give even their largest warships a reasonable amount of agility in combat."

outfit "Arkrof GP Hybrid Thruster"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 165000
	thumbnail "outfit/tiny efreti thruster"

> 	"mass" 17
> 	"outfit space" -17
> 	"engine capacity" -17
> 	"thrust" 13
> 	"thrusting energy" 2.1
> 	"thrusting heat" 2.4

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	"mass" 19
	"outfit space" -19
	"engine capacity" -19
	"thrust" 16.5
	"thrusting energy" 2.6
	"thrusting heat" 3
```

	"flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/tiny"
		"frame rate" 8
	"flare sound" "ion tiny"
	description "Forced to abandon their beloved jump drive technology, Efreti engineers have begun to grudgingly take inspiration from their not-entirely-welcome Quarg guardians. The incorporation of gravitational propulsion increases the thrust output for engines in this line, at the cost of even higher energy use. These are the smallest such gravitoplasma-based thrusters."

outfit "Farves GP Hybrid Thruster"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 405000
	thumbnail "outfit/small efreti thruster"
	"mass" 33
	"outfit space" -33
	"engine capacity" -33

> 	"thrust" 31
> 	"thrusting energy" 4.8
> 	"thrusting heat" 5.6

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	"thrust" 33.5
	"thrusting energy" 5.2
	"thrusting heat" 6.1
```

	"flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/small"
		"frame rate" 7.5
	"flare sound" "ion small"

> 	description "Exposure to the Quarg's graviton-thrusters, coupled with the forced retreat from research into interstellar jump drive technology, has left the Efreti engineers with little else to tinker with than subluminal propulsion. In this vein, Efreti engineers have turned to integrating previously theoretical unifications of quantum gravity with the other physical forces in these engines."
> 	description "	These resulting thrusters are one important example of this effort. Synthesizing quantum-gravitational propulsion with more traditional plasma thrusters moderates the heat output from these engines, while at the same time increasing its energy consumption. The result produces less heat but consumes substantially more energy."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
	description "Exposure to the Quarg's graviton-thrusters, coupled with the forced retreat from research into interstellar jump drive technology, has left the Efreti engineers with little else to tinker with than subluminal propulsion. To this end, Efreti engineers have turned to integrating previously theoretical unifications of quantum gravity with the other physical forces in these engines."
	description "	These resulting thrusters are one important example of this effort. Synthesizing quantum-gravitational propulsion with more traditional plasma thrusters moderates the heat output from these engines, while at the same time increasing its energy consumption."
```

	"engine capacity" -86
	"thrust" 105
	"thrusting energy" 14
	"thrusting heat" 18
	"flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/large"
		"frame rate" 6.5
	"flare sound" "ion large"
	description "Korath physicists have, for several centuries, understood powerful aspects of the unity that underlies both quantum gravity and the forces that bind quarks and gluons together. Recently, prompted by the example of the Quarg's graviton thrusters, Efreti engineers have begun to utilize their theoretical knowledge of this unity to incorporate gravitational propulsion into their more traditional fusion-based plasma engines. However, as Efreti efforts are comparatively recent, this technological synthesis lags behind comparable Quarg technology."
	description "	These are the largest such gravitoplasma thrusters that the Efreti have to offer, and as such are usually only found on their gargantuan civilian ships. Despite their size and thrusting power, the Quarg are still rather unimpressed with the inefficient nature of the design."

outfit "Arkrof GP Hybrid Steering"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 131000
	thumbnail "outfit/tiny efreti steering"
	"mass" 12
	"outfit space" -12
	"engine capacity" -12

> 	"turn" 323
> 	"turning energy" 1.2
> 	"turning heat" 1.225

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	"turn" 340
	"turning energy" 1.26
	"turning heat" 1.29
```

	"steering flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/tiny"
		"frame rate" 8
	"steering flare sound" "ion tiny"
	description "Unlike most Korath engines, Efreti engines do not rely solely on plasma. Gravitoplasma engines combine traditional Korath plasma thrust with Quarg-inspired forays into gravitation-based propulsion. The smallest steering manages to develop a great deal of torque at the expense of higher energy costs."

outfit "Farves GP Hybrid Steering"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 413000
	thumbnail "outfit/small efreti steering"
	"mass" 24
	"outfit space" -24
	"engine capacity" -24

> 	"turn" 737
> 	"turning energy" 2.5
> 	"turning heat" 2.75

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	"turn" 780
	"turning energy" 2.65
	"turning heat" 2.91
```

	"steering flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/small"
		"frame rate" 7.5
	"steering flare sound" "ion small"
	description "Exposure to the Quarg's graviton thrusters, coupled with the forced retreat from research into interstellar jump drive technology, has left the Efreti engineers with little else to tinker with than subluminal propulsion. Their ongoing efforts represent their evolving understanding of fundamental physics and how it can be put into practice."
	description "	An important product of this effort is this compact steering system. A classic example of Korath technology, it is small, powerful, and woefully inefficient. It appears that the Quarg influence on the Efreti has not changed the underlying design philosophy of the Korath living here."

outfit "Gaktem GP Hybrid Steering"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 833000
	thumbnail "outfit/medium efreti steering"
	"mass" 42
	"outfit space" -42
	"engine capacity" -42

> 	"turn" 1400
> 	"turning energy" 4.325
> 	"turning heat" 5.15

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	"turn" 1575
	"turning energy" 4.86
	"turning heat" 5.8
```

	"steering flare sprite" "effect/efreti flare/medium"
		"frame rate" 7
	"steering flare sound" "ion medium"
	description "The Efreti's grudging divorce from jump drive technology has pushed their scientists and engineers to begin to instantiate the newest, unified understandings of quantum gravity with the nuclear forces in these hybrid gravitoplasma thrusters."
	description "	Unless accompanied by some Korath power systems, this Efreti steering system's energy consumption will often be more than a ship can handle. Their main advantage when compared to other Korath engines of the same size is reduced heat production."

outfit "Nelmeb GP Hybrid Steering"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 1439000
	thumbnail "outfit/large efreti steering"
	"mass" 67
	"outfit space" -67
	"engine capacity" -67

> 	"turn" 2500
> 	"turning energy" 7
> 	"turning heat" 9

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	"turn" 2800
	"turning energy" 7.85
	"turning heat" 10
```
